Test of the Sony Remote Control RM-15.
Testing, testing. Today is February 4th, 1984.
This is a test.
Because I was fluent in my language and I could sit
down and dash a card up or a letter. It was not time
consuming because I could do it easily. And now I
can do it better. I write to my family. I can dash up a
letter faster than... Gene had. But not then, I
couldn't. So I did not take care of my friendships
as well. And I regret that because I had so many good
friends. What would you say are your, let's say,
two or three best male friends? People that you
still love? Oh, still active, rather than the ones
I defaulted on? No, I don't think you defaulted on
them. I think that you had to act on your own needs.
What good is it if you were captured, picked up by
the feds, only to be a good friend to this person?
And I didn't write to him. She named Dewey. Dewey
was the guy who gave me that five cent match and got
the job in Beavers.
Ed
and the bosses. I don't write to them, but I
consider them good friends. When it comes to the
actual closeness, I stop. I want to be close, but
I... I want to be closer, but I stop.
He's a great artist. He hangs in galleries. He has
his own gallery in Pebble Beach. And I took some
lessons from him. So I'm his student. He was your
student? He was my tennis student. We trade. I
teach him tennis and he teach me. We bartered. No
cash. That's good. That's good. He teach me how to
paint. And, of course, Slim Mayfair. I just
mentioned him. He's a marvelous person. Great,
great Western. Big heart.
And even my boss, Bill Klein. You know, I could be
much closer. I would be much closer. I think I would
be much closer with almost anybody. Bill Klein
gave us kind of a start in our tennis shop, and that
was 20 years later when we were really going into
that venture and extremely undercapitalized.
Undercapitalized. I mean, ridiculously
undercapitalized. We had to stock the shop, and
then it said, oh, well, why don't I call up Bill
Klein, my former boss, I've been seeing him for
many, many years, who... He was up at Sugar Bowl,
but he had a shop at Gary Dilley Square in San
Francisco. And I was cringed to death. You have to
throw yourself on the mercy of somebody else.
Yeah, that's not my style. You're too independent
for that. So anyway, we did that. We went up there,
and sure enough, his brother was in the shop. He
gave us a stash. Well, we paid for it, but the very
idea of taking something out of somebody else's
shop. He gave it to us wholesale, so at least we
could make a profit when we sold it. He had stocked
our first shop in the resort area. Really nice. He
would go to Austria and buy his sweaters and stuff,
you see, every year. So he had the finest clothes.
So that was his first business.
legal uh fears starting a new business no business
no just pay your license no i in fact i don't think i
have felt better any any time at any time than being
in business because once you pay your license fee
to the city then You're dealing with the public,
and it's cash flow. Nobody bothers you. To be a
businessman is, I think, the ultimate of freedom.
Government, nobody. You don't need anybody. I
think you don't need to apply for jobs. You don't
have to worry about a boss, whether he likes what
you do. I was having a ball. But .
I signed
all the contracts.
I did the business negotiations, all of this kind
of thing. And he was having a ball. Suddenly he was,
could be visible in retrospect now. He was a real
big shot, a real celebrity. And he was doing all
those kind of things, and I was... She felt stuck in
the shops. Stuck in the business operation part.
And so we had many problems. We didn't quite make
enough money to hire somebody. Well, we would a
couple of times, but not... We were not quite as...
If we'd been really successful, I mean, money,
really, I think would have been fun. I think more
than all, you know, the dollar size was important.
But the... his inability, in his own mind, to enter
into a contract negotiation. I sign his name
better than he does. I never want to hear about any
of those kind of things. And I was always, you know,
there's always this discrepancy between what I
knew he, his intelligence left, all those kind of
things, and yet, just... And you
thought it was odd that he would ask you to sign all
the contracts? Yeah, the aggressive part of him
was out there on the tennis court or some other
place, but I never could get hold of it in some of
these other areas that were pretty important. But
now you see it was done for a very real reason. Yeah,
now I can see why he doesn't want to sign his name on a
contract. So, in so many ways, it sort of turned out
we did all the right things for all the wrong
reasons.
Just lucked out. Yeah, lucked out. That's exactly
it. If you don't have any luck, just forget
everything I ever told you.
And so I would always say, well, okay, but never
mind that. There's something else, some other
thing to go on to. Let's not really dwell on that. I
don't really want to deal with that. Let's just go
on to something else. What we're going to go on to
soon is we're going to get some food in the candy.
You know, I deal in contracts every day. I have to
read to find printed the specifications. If I miss
one word, you could lose thousands of dollars, you
know. You got something in you, sir? I think it's
time to get some food.
When the walls were feet high on each side, I could
have been just run over. I don't know why I did it. I
just really took a real chance to get killed by an
oncoming train, but I figured I might be able to
hear it. But there was my only, I couldn't get back
any other way. The roads were still closed, and
they stayed closed for another month before
anybody could move over the mountain. So it was
kind of a very trying experience because here I was
almost in the limelight and, you know, virtue
being discovered and what to do. And then
sometimes you do some, most of the time I run in a
situation like that. Just run, you know, not
necessarily any big plan.
Did you get back to the cabin? Yeah, went back and
they were still rescuing people, dogs that had
been snowed in in the cabins, you know. So it went on
for a long time. The road to Reno didn't open for
another four weeks. I have some nice 8mm movies at
home, in color, some of that stuff. Were you afraid
that somebody might come up during the month that
you were back in the cabin? I don't think anybody,
there was no way for any inexperienced person to
come in. No, I felt very safe on that, but I thought
maybe the publicity of the picture or something,
might somebody, might be around to find, to
recognize me. Nobody recognized that picture.
I'm actually going to show you a copy of it. Right,
right. And you twisted your face? Well, I did, more
or less, inside. I thought it was intense stuff.
Let
me ask you about going back to the camp, some of the
POW camps. I need to feel more what your day was
like. You were a camp translator in each of these
camps. You became the translator just by habit, or
that you were the official translator at each
place along the way? It was pretty informal. I
don't think you got appointed or anything. You
simply got called in when there was any need for
translation.
It was structured in as much as you had to get up at a
certain time, six o'clock or whatever it was. for
meals and inspections and reports. I guess they
had to report to the American Office of Charge. And
then they pretty much tried to have activity like
you might have in any
youth organization or camp just to keep people
busy with projects.
Woodworking? Woodworking, painting, letter
writing, reading. Did you do some of those things?
Yeah. I did some art work. You walk around in groups
and circles, like around the camp, you can walk all
day as long as you don't touch the wires. Too close
together. What would you talk about walking
around? Because we're talking about a period of a
couple of years. Yeah.
Did you fall in with the same bunch of fellows each
time, or were there people that stuck out in your
mind along the way?
That one picture guy, the artist, I would always
gravitate to those people that did something
artistic.
Painting, woodworking,
something like that. Sports,
a little bit of soccer I might have played. And then
that one can't be a lot to play some tennis. I had a
tennis tournament. Wow. No, we didn't really do,
and then some places we had to work. We had to, I was
in one place, I was a draftsman, you know, I did some
drafting work for some engineering department
that was nearby. Some army engineering
department? Yeah, army engineering. So, we did
have, a lot of guys had jobs, and they liked their
jobs, you know, they kept them busy. But it was,
with us, it was pretty much volunteer whether we
wanted to work or not. The offices didn't work at
all, and I heard, you know, they were in separate
camps. With the non-com offices, it was more or
less volunteer basis. But I remember Fort Knox, I
worked in the hospital. I was probably in orderly
cleaning and stuff. I'm not saying anything about
anything else. It had to be some kind of a service
child. And mostly, I was invariably drawn into
translating for other people. because there were
not enough English-speaking prisoners, at least
not enough. They might know some words, but I
usually ended up with that job because there was
always a problem of some kind. I want them to do this
and explain this to them.
And there was a lot of conversation with the guards
and the Americans that was always fascinating.
about what they were doing. They asked us
questions. What was it like? What do you think?
What our feelings were. We had quite a bit in the
beginning, especially. We had a lot of
conversation. I do remember one guard telling me
that, I told you that about the millionaires, that
there were some millionaires in this community.
And I couldn't figure out how that could be. And
they talked to us about, not too much about
politics,
or trying to think in terms of politics. It wasn't
really all that much. They might... and talk about
Hitler or something like that, and they'd laugh
and say, yeah, that, you know. Because we didn't,
we really didn't know what they knew about Hitler
and what we knew about Hitler. We really,
probably, we would be talking past each other in
most cases, I would say. But they knew about it, and
when we were told about it, we're not the same, you
know, so. But they wanted to know a lot about us, and
we were curious about them. And as a rule, the
Americans are, you know, by our standards, I think
they're very polite anyway. Polite people by
nature. They want to know what you're doing and
what you're, if they can, you know, what your needs
are. That's, they're natural that way. I've found
always that they're out much more polite than And
I think a lot of times if that came across, some
schlocky guys would misunderstand that take
advantage of it, maybe. I'm sure somebody would do
that and snicker about it, but they totally
misunderstand
good manners are really interesting to other
people. They would misunderstand that.
You can't educate them. It wasn't for me to educate
them. Was there any guard in particular that you
knew like, or commanding officer that you
remember in particular? No, I do remember one guy
who I believe, now in retrospect, was probably an
intelligence officer. He came, he was assigned
all of a sudden to the staff, and he would get very
chummy with us, you know, and laugh and joke. I had a
feeling he was, in fact, to the point where we were
wondering whether he was straight or not. And he
did take me into a room once and had a conversation
with me. And I had a feeling that later on, I think he
was probably going to tell us what's up. He spoke in
German or he was speaking in English? No, I
probably spoke in English. But I had no idea. at the
time we didn't know about this
that never made itself felt you never had any uh
well you said to the nazis whatever whoever they
were were statement to themselves yeah they later
on as things got The
news
got worse and worse. They did get grim and they kind
of stayed to themselves and would say, I don't
believe any of that stuff because of what came
through this news. I can't believe any of that.
When they couldn't believe it, do you mean that the
battle was going badly for Germany? Yeah, yeah,
yeah. The battles would, you know, instead of
winning these battles, we were losing these
battles, you see. So, and things got very quiet,
actually.
It was just kind of like a wet blanket in the whole
camp, you might say. because all the news was bad
all the time. Were there any escape committees or
anything like that that you remember? That's what
I thought. It wasn't well organized. No. Never.
Never talked to anybody that wanted to escape or
wanted me to escape. Nothing like that in my camp.
I'm sure they had it in some camps. I didn't realize
there were that many camps in that many places. I'm
sure that... different people run, and you get a
different mixture
of people. And some of them had a lot of great
education, even, from what I read in your book.
They had, you know, got an education that served
them well later on. Theater. Did you have concerts
there, or plays? Yeah, we had music there. We had
instruments. We had concerts. And so... A lot of
people were involved with that.
Were the concerts by people from the outside, or
was it just you? No, I was just German. They would
provide the instruments, and that's all they
need, and they'd go into it and have concerts and
have plays. They always tried to come up with
something to entertain ourselves, mostly. Did
you sell handicrafts to the guards? Yeah, we would
sell handicrafts, not so much to the guard maybe,
but amongst ourselves. We would make toilet bags.
One guy was good in leather making things. We'd
barter, sometimes with the guards, sometimes
amongst ourselves. What would an average day have
been, if you could reconstruct an average day? Get
up early, get up late? Get up early, get up early, 6
o'clock, roll call, breakfast. Everybody
outside be counted? Counted, every morning
counted, roll call. Was it a large barrack
generally, or just a small hut? It was a large
compound, but it was always
made into smaller areas. It wasn't just one huge
burning. When you could go through on certain
days, you were allowed to pass and visit others.
But it was kind of sectional. Sections. So many
barracks in one section and then another section.
So you'd have your work hall breakfast, and then
once you had a job, you went to work. And you either
took your lunch, it was ready, kitchen had already
made and the ones that stayed behind had to have to
be barracks cleaning every day same routine
cleaning areas outside inside
by that time it's 10 11 o'clock you
could get either into, if you didn't have a job,
you'd go back to your own project, you'd have a
couple hours to go to your own project, or you could
stay outside, walk around,
talk to your friends, usually getting some
exercise
by walking around the canyon. And by that time,
came close to lunch,
lunchtime. Then
you had, they had some kind of an activity, like a
meeting. They set up meetings to meet at the hall,
to discuss certain,
mostly, Something that might concern
our relationship with the American system, the
officers. Problems that have come up, we've got to
stop doing this, we've got complaints, such and
such. So there was a certain amount of structure
which was passed on. from the Americans to us, and
our, the guys that took, that were in command,
these were mostly, mostly they were professional
soldiers, career soldiers. They did it like a,
like it was, like they were at home, you know. They
told us, this is, this is, come to the area, we've
got to stop doing this, and we've got to shape up a
little, this is. So there was an interaction
between the prisoner and the guards and the
officers. And they, every day, had to have, that
was something that they wanted us to do or change.
So you knew you were constantly being watched and
monitored. You felt, you know, that there was
somebody counting and so forth. Who would you have
taken orders from in the camp? Mostly from our own
non-com, the oldest ranking non-com officers.
They posted the times and the meetings.
It was the same as a military operation, maybe not
as strict and as rigid as it would in boot camp, but
it kept always running. It was always run on the
military. Were there fights or were there
special problems? There were personality
problems. gravitate toward the people that they
liked and they formed little cliques and their
properties into politics and things like that
like you have in any fairly large group of people
but all in all these were all non-com officers so
they all kind of had a lot of personal pride in their
rank and in their you know so it was very little did
you usually uh So in one camp you were a draftsman,
someplace else you worked outside picking fruit
or picking things? No, I never had to go outside in
the field and do any of that. I read about it, but I
was not in that. No contract work for businesses or
anything like that? No. Just that one possible
orderly type job I had, and then the draftsman job.
Then
mostly my job would be to be there when this guy, the
non-com officer in charge was in a meeting with the
American officer. I would have to be there because
it was always something they didn't understand.
So I was engaged in that. Once we were dismissed
from that, then I was on my own. I could do what I
wanted to. That sounds like fun. It sounds a little
boring. It was. It was boring and not very boring.
We weren't talking about the honeymoon part. I
heard you walk in on the word boring and I
thought... Would you like a... Oh, that'd be
great. Or if we have some more vodka. No, I've
actually put the wine on this. Would you like a
plane or something? I used to love planes.
Schweppes and a Tequena. Yeah, that would be nice.
That makes it kind of a spritzer, you know. It makes
a spritzer. Yes, yes. I didn't have forgotten
about that until this German college. You always
had a spritzer.
In taking on the name Wiles, it's the one letter
that would be difficult to pronounce. Exactly.
Part of it was emotional because this migrant
laborer that took me along because, you know, as
I've explained, it's easier to get jobs when you
drive up to a farmer and say you have two hands. You
can contract, for instance, pruning or in the
wintertime you prune the plum orchards and get rid
of all the external branches. One guy couldn't
possibly prune Eight, ten acres. Two guys can get
something done. And he had the car. And he looked
like my brother. And
he looked like my brother. He was the same type,
really. And as I said, I always looked for
similarities to make me feel at ease and at home.
This morning, I saw this lady in the lobby, and I
thought she looked like my sister. I do this all the
time. It's similar. It's kind of a game I play. I
entertain myself. And he was a real nice guy,
low-key. He had been divorced, or his wife ran out
on him, and took up with an officer while he was
overseas. He was a discharge.
And he would get on these crime jokes. He was still
in love with his wife, so he would get very sad about
that little break up. He would tell me about it.
Then he'd go to the nearest bar and he'd drink up. I
wouldn't see him, and he'd drink up everything
we'd made. And I'd sit in the hotel room looking at
the walls. And then we'd sometimes have lunch in
the bar with a sandwich and a straight shot. In one
of those honky tonk bars in the valley and all up and
down. Honky tonk bar. The music playing, the
western music playing in the jerk box.
But I could never get any money ahead because he was
the one that made the deal with the farmer and the
farmer paid him. He drank it up. He drank it up and he
only gave me rent. pocket money, say. How much
would you make working on a farm? How much would you
be going through? Well, we would probably
average, the highest I ever made was $20 a day
picking cherries.
I would probably say we'd average $8 to $10 a day,
maybe. Whatever chores we had to do. so it was about
a dollar a dollar i guess my father big chair told me
a story about picking cherries once in the old
country and he said that the only stipulation to
all the kids that they hired was they had to keep
singing and as soon as they stopped singing the
performance would come and find them because i
mean they were eating the fruit so they had to keep
singing it didn't matter what song just everybody
has to sing the moment they heard somebody up there
stop singing how he was eating. You could eat all
they were delicious, those cherries, those
peaches. But once I got a little money ahead, I
split, socked it away, you know, a dollar here and a
dollar there. But I felt now that I had, I knew this
was a real American name. This Peter Peterson, was
just not a person. I couldn't. Oh, the cork popped,
honey. Sure. How about Candy got mad? I felt I
wasn't in the mainstream. I was too European and
too much like an immigrant kind of thing.
And I thought, I'd never heard a name like that
before. Dennis Wilds. And it was also a challenge,
as you pointed out, that W is the hardest thing to
learn. And I started, and I said, why don't I take
that name that's going to make me learn that
letter? Because I have to learn that letter. When
they say my name, I have to get into it, really. It
took the hardest way, the toughest choice, and
left the easy one for later. Did you ever run across
his records? Or did your names ever cross
anywhere? Someone say, Dennis, well, I knew a guy
who lived down in the valley with the same name. No,
in fact, everybody says they had never heard that
name before. Once or twice, maybe, someone says he
did. And I look in the phone book. Do you want that? I
like the one for cameos. Every
time, almost every time somebody would say it,
they never heard that name. Dispelling or
anything. W-H-I-L-E-S. Where's that guy today,
do you think? I have no idea. Probably still
picking fruit. Although he was about 10 years
older, so he'd be 70. 70 years old, so I don't think
he'd be climbing any trees. Where was that that
you... Did you spend that time with him? All up and
down California, San Joaquin Valley, following
the crew. One season? One season. What year
was it, do you think? When
you left Peter Peterson? Peter Peterson. It was
Peter Peterson. Probably 48, 49.
Did you really feel yourself as Peter Peterson?
No. I never got really warmed up. That's just...
They actually took that and they spotted it. It was
a great idea because they immediately said, oh,
you're Norwegian or something, see? But that, to
me, then I had to really be Norwegian. And then I
was, you see, actually in... Typecast is
something that you had to be. Yeah, but I didn't
know anything how to be it, you see. So it was two...
Everybody made me immediately typecast me. Yes.
Well, once I switched to Dennis Walsh, there
was... That's such a neutral name, nobody even
knows where it's from. Yes. But the... You needed
Peter Peterson during the accent. Yes, that was
ideal. Nobody questioned my accent. As a typical
Peter Peterson guy. So once you felt more
comfortable, that's when you changed. You must
have felt that you could make it in English with no
trouble, because it was time to learn. I was trying
to improve, and that W thing, I felt that was a good
idea. I didn't want to be a lumberjack Norwegian
forever and ever, having had that accident
already, cutting down my trees. And that close
call of somebody wanting me to run a lumber mill for
them. Yes, yes. What was that about? Yeah, there
was a real weird, this Chinchilla Brothers had
done some fruit packing for them outside of
Stockton. And then I went off to the snow country
again, and when I came back, my red-headed
landlady said, you know, they've been looking for
you. They had a chance to buy a lumber mill and they
wanted you to run it. I was typecast as a
knowledgeable lumberjack, I guess. Which I was
not, so... Did you ever have to go up and top trees
and... Yeah, in that one time I went to Medford to
pick apples and they weren't ready. And being that
I was Peter Peters and they thought, why don't you
go out and cut some trees down for us and make some
logs. Hmm. Terrible mosquitoes and... Yeah, I
don't recall the mosquitoes. But this was with
the... With the prongs in your feet and spikes? No,
I didn't have to climb up. They were fairly small
trees. I could cut them from the base, from the
bottom. This is before chainsaws. Yeah, before
chainsaws. Just big, big sharp legs. But, you
know, I wouldn't know how to sharpen in eggs and
things like that. And pretty soon I would be...
Also, Peter Peterson was good while it lasted.
While it lasted, yeah. And then when your English
became better, then you risked another jump to
then as well. How did you come up with the, how did
you build a past? A past? Yeah, how did you build,
how did you sit down and say, well, Connecticut
School of the Boys.
I went to the library in Stockton and studied the
Northeast. little towns around Lake Placid.
And the schools, looked up some schools that I
could, might have gone to that looked
interesting. And I found that school for boys.
That might explain a few things. It was different
enough It was not a regular school because I just
never understood the school system, the public
school system. I could never remember the grades.
Do they start at eight or go down? Do they start at
one and go up? So this way, you went all schooling in
one place. Yeah. It simplifies it. And then an
orphan, you know. And in a school for boys, that
indicates I was probably Catholic. That's true,
yes. Did you go to church while you were on the,
while you were out, after you left the camp? No, but
I went to church while I was in camp. On Sundays,
yes. We went to church. But once you left camp, I'm
trying to think what churches I went to. Yes, I did
go to some of the churches. I went to some of them.
But I didn't know what church I was in. There were so
many different religions. Baptists, you know.
People would ask me to go along. But a Catholic
church, no? No, never went to a Catholic. So you
never went to confession? No. Mostly Baptist
type. The kind that we didn't have in Germany. If
you had gone to confession, would you have said,
I'm going to escape? Even in a confessional. It
wouldn't have said I'm a prisoner, fugitive.
You don't take religion that seriously.
That's good.
That was a personal thing. This whole thing is very
personal. I didn't want to involve anybody. I
didn't want to ask for any help from anybody or put
them into jeopardy. And don't put myself into
jeopardy. Yeah,
it
took a long time to get over some of that, you know,
that really independence of not taking anybody
and then not letting anybody get close. But I
finally realized you have to get close to someone,
especially the opposite sex. It just is not
natural to do that kind of thing. And I could see
these loners, these lone fruit pickers, these old
men, I could see their fate, what happens to them.
You know, they're Schicksal. They're Schicksal.
And the drinking that they do, the solitary
drinking, the sadness that they talk about their
whatever short marriage they had. I was married
for five years and not alone. And that was it. It was
the highlight of their life. And then it was more or
less downhill.
on an emotional basis for them. They kept on
working and living, but... Inside they were dead.
They were dead. And I kept reading, you know. I
never stopped reading. I'm constantly first to
how to do books. And especially, you know, these
books that relate to to get yourself upright, to
get yourself squared away psychologically.
Unfortunately, a lot of Americans are into that.
Unfortunately, they're into that. So there are
plenty of books available on that subject. And
just keep reading and reading and finding
similarities. Look for something that I can
apply. to get myself straightened out so that I
don't go off to deep end, I don't start drinking, or
I don't get frustrated and violent and whatever.
And all these books help me. The Power of Positive
Thinking and The Art of Conversation and all that.
And you would just carry that book with you? Yeah, I
had him, still had him when I got married. I just
opened the library, but I couldn't get anybody
interested in it, in the family. I wanted my kids, I
wanted Cheryl and Mark to read it, but they were
just not into it. They didn't need to get into the
mainstream as badly as you. Let me ask you this.
What did you think might happen to you if something
did go wrong? Let's say that you were, the worst
came to worst, and the feds somehow found you? What
was the worst thing that happened? I'm trying to
imagine what the fear is. The fear is just someone
getting you. Or the fear is, or did you think
farther and say, well, if they get me, they're
going to put me in jail. I don't want to be in a small
room with bars on it. But that will only be
temporary because eventually they'll take me in
front of a judge. They'll give me some sort of
punishment. I'll probably be sent back to Europe.
Maybe. All right, so I'll be in Europe. Well, I'd
certainly want to go back to Europe. It's almost
the same as a prison. I see. The way I look at Europe.
I see. To me, it's just a small little place on the
map, not any larger than California.
Right. So there's a fear of every one of those
things, being captured, jail, the trial, and the
shipment back. So there isn't any good thing in
there. I see what you're saying. I see no good thing
at all. The humiliation of one day here you're a
free man, you walk the streets as a free man, and the
next day
you're a criminal. So I couldn't see anything good
about it. It came to my mind many times. To just walk
into the nearest FBI office and say, here I am. No.
No. If somebody caught me. Yes. I wasn't thinking
of doing it. Oh, I see. Voluntarily to do that.
Well, that's what I was wondering. What would
happen? What did you think would happen if you did
walk in? All right, they would take me, they would
arrest me, they would hit me, they would beat me.
Ultimately, the worst thing they could do is they
should be back here. Yeah. That's the worst. Yeah.
Well, I mean, that sounds fair to me. I'm just
saying what part of it was the most frightening.
OK. And OK, then you have to remember, every day I
have a good day here. I have friends. I have jobs. Of
course, sometimes I don't. But 90% of the time. So
that means all the good things are going to stop. It
isn't as if I have so much to give up. And then have to
take something that is inferior. Right. I was just
wondering whether you saw it as something
permanent or temporary. Because you could go to
Europe and earn money there and then come back as
a...